---
title: Privacy Policy
layout: layouts/simple.njk
---
# Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy describes Our policies and procedures on the collection, use and disclosure of Your information when You use the Service and tells You about Your privacy rights and how the law protects You.

## General
At STREET LIGHT SOFTWARE PVT. LTD., we respect your need for online privacy and protect any Personal Information that you may share with us, in an appropriate manner. Our practice as regards use of your Personal Information is as set forth below in this Privacy Policy Statement. As a condition to use of Street Light Services, you consent to the terms of the Privacy Policy Statement as it may be updated from time to time. In the event of a material change, we shall notify you via email or by means of a prominent notice on the website. This Privacy Policy Statement applies exclusively to www.easyhrworld.com.

Mailing Address: FC 3/4 Karma Stambh, LBS Marg, Mumbai – 400 083, Maharashtra, India. We can be reached via e-mail at support@easyhrworld.com or you can reach Street Light Customer Support Services by telephone at +91 22 6738 2000.

## Interpretation and Definitions

### Interpretation

The words of which the initial letter is capitalized have meanings defined under the following conditions. The following definitions shall have the same meaning regardless of whether they appear in singular or in plural.

### Definitions

For the purposes of this Privacy Policy:

- __Account__ means a unique account created for You to access our Service or parts of our Service.

- __Affiliate__ means an entity that controls, is controlled by or is under common control with a party, where "control" means ownership of 50% or more of the shares, equity interest or other securities entitled to vote for election of directors or other managing authority.
- __Application__ means the software program provided by the Company downloaded by You on any electronic device, named EasyHR


- __Company__ (referred to as either "the Company", "We", "Us" or "Our" in this Agreement) refers to Street Light Software Pvt Ltd, FC 3/4 Karma Stambh LBS Marg Vikhroli West Mumbai 400083.



- __Country__ refers to: Maharashtra,  India

- __Device__ means any device that can access the Service such as a computer, a cellphone or a digital tablet.


- __Personal Data__ is any information that relates to an identified or identifiable individual.




- __Service__ refers to the Application.

- __Service Provider__ means any natural or legal person who processes the data on behalf of the Company. It refers to third-party companies or individuals employed by the Company to facilitate the Service, to provide the Service on behalf of the Company, to perform services related to the Service or to assist the Company in analyzing how the Service is used.
	

- __Usage Data__ refers to data collected automatically, either generated by the use of the Service or from the Service infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit).

- __You__ means the individual accessing or using the Service, or the company, or other legal entity on behalf of which such individual is accessing or using the Service, as applicable.
## Information Recorded and Use:
- __Personal Information__
    
    During the Registration Process for creating a user account, we request for your name and email address. You will also be asked to choose a password, which will be used solely for the purpose of providing access to your user account. Your name and email address will be used to inform you regarding new services, releases, upcoming events and changes in this Privacy Policy Statement.Street Light Software will have access to third party personal information provided by you as part of using Street Light Software Services such as contacts. This information may include third party names, email addresses, phone numbers and physical addresses and will be used for servicing your requirements as expressed by you to Street Light and solely as part and parcel of your use of Street Light Services. We do not share this third party personal information with anyone for promotional purposes, nor do we utilize it for any purposes not expressly consented to by you. When you elect to refer friends to the website, we request their email address and name to facilitate the request and deliver this one time email.We post user testimonials on the website. These testimonials may include names and we acquire permission from our users prior to posting these on the website. Street Light Software is not responsible for the Personal Information users elect to post within their testimonials.

- __Usage Details__
    
    Your usage details such as time, frequency, duration and pattern of use, features used and the amount of storage used will be recorded by us in order to enhance your experience of the Street Light Software services and to help us provide you the best possible service.

- __Contents of your User Account__
    
    We store and maintain files, documents, to-do lists, emails and other data stored in your user account at our facilities in the United States. In order to prevent loss of data due to errors or system failures, we also keep backup copies of data including the contents of your user account. Hence your files and data may remain on our servers even after deletion or termination of your user account. We assure you that the contents of your user account will not be disclosed to anyone and will not be accessible even to employees of Street Light Software except in circumstances specifically mentioned in this Privacy Policy Statement and Terms of Services. We also do not process the contents of your user account for serving targeted advertisements.

- __Financial Information__
    
    In case of services requiring payment, we request credit card or other payment account information, which will be used solely for processing payments. Your financial information will not be stored by us except for the name and address of the card holder, the expiry date and the last four digits of the Credit Card number. Subject to your prior consent and where necessary for processing future payments, your financial information will be stored in encrypted form on secure servers of our reputed Payment Gateway Service Provider who is beholden to treating your Personal Information in accordance with this Privacy Policy Statement.

- __Visitor Details__
    
    We use the Internet Protocol address, browser type, browser language, referring URL, files accessed, errors generated, time zone, operating system and other visitor details collected in our log files to analyze the trends, administer the website, track visitor’s movements and to improve our website.

- __Information Collected while Using the Application__

    While using Our Application, in order to provide features of Our Application, We may collect, with Your prior permission:

    - __Location__

      - Information regarding your **location**
    
      - EasyHR tracks your location when the application is not in use. We use this information to provide geo-tracking for employee attendance and geofence check-in and check-out.

    We use this information to provide features of Our Service, to improve and customize Our Service. The information may be uploaded to the Company's servers and/or a Service Provider's server or it may be simply stored on Your device.

    You can enable or disable access to this information at any time, through Your Device settings.

## Cookies

We use temporary and permanent cookies to enhance your experience of our Street Light Software Services. Temporary cookies will be removed from your computer each time you close your browser. By selecting ‘keep me signed-in’ option in Street Light Software Services, a permanent cookie will be stored in your computer and you will not be required to sign-in by providing complete login information each time you return to our website. If you have turned cookies off, you may not be able to use registered areas of the website. We tie cookie information to your email address when you elect to remain logged in so as to maintain and recall your preferences within the website. We may from time to time employ the use of pixel tags on the website and in emails. Pixel tags such as web beacons are 1×1 images that are embedded onto a web page to document traffic and for website analytics without collecting any Personal Information.

We may from time to time employ the services of a third party agent to analyze statistical and aggregate data about our website content and user base. This aggregated information is not personally identifiable and is employed in improving website functionality and offerings. To this end, these third parties may employ the use of cookies and, or pixel tags in providing their services. While these third party cookies are not tied to your Personal Information, Street Light Software does not have access to these cookies nor are we responsible for them.

## Links from our website
Some pages of our website contain external links. You are advised to verify the privacy practices of such other websites. We are not responsible for the manner of use or misuse of information made available by you at such other websites. We encourage you not to provide Personal Information, without assuring yourselves of the Privacy Policy Statement of other websites.

## With whom we share Information
We may need to disclose Personal Information to our affiliates, service providers and business partners solely for the purpose of providing Street Light Software Services to you. In such cases Street Light Software will also ensure that such affiliates, service providers and business partners comply with this Privacy Policy Statement and adopt appropriate confidentiality and security measures. We will obtain your prior specific consent before we share or disclose your Personal Information to any person outside Street Light Software for any purpose that is not directly connected with providing Street Light Software Services to you. We may share generic aggregated demographic information not linked to any Personal Information regarding visitors and users with our business partners and advertisers. Please be aware that laws in various jurisdictions in which we operate may obligate us to disclose user information and the contents of your user account to the local law enforcement authorities under a legal process or an enforceable government request. In addition, we may also disclose Personal Information and contents of your user account to law enforcement authorities if such disclosure is determined to be necessary by Street Light Software in our sole and absolute discretion for protecting the safety of our users, employees, or the general public.

## How secure is your Information
We adopt industry appropriate data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures, as well as physical security measures to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction of your Personal Information, username, password, transaction information and data stored in your user account. Access to your name and email address is restricted to our employees who need to know such information in connection with providing Street Light Software Services to you and are bound by confidentiality obligations.

## Accessing, Updating and Removing Personal Information
We provide users with access to their Personal Information. Users may correct, update or remove any such Personal Information either by accessing their user account or by contacting Street Light Software Customer Support Services. Such changes may take up to 48 hours to take effect. We respond to all enquiries within 30 days.

## Investigation of Illegal Activity
We may need to provide access to your Personal Information and the contents of your user account to our employees and service providers for the purpose of investigating any suspected illegal activity or potential violation of the terms and conditions for use of Street Light Software Services. However, Street Light Software will ensure that such access is in compliance with this Privacy Policy Statement and subject to appropriate confidentiality and security measures.

## Enforcement of Privacy Policy
We make every effort, including periodic reviews to ensure that Personal Information provided by you is used in conformity with this Privacy Policy Statement. If you have any concerns regarding our adherence to this Privacy Policy Statement or the manner in which Personal Information is used for the purpose of providing Street Light Software Services, kindly contact Street Light Software Customer Support Services at support@easyhrworld.com . We will contact you to address your concerns and we will also co-operate with regulatory authorities in this regard if needed.

## Notification of Changes
Any changes to the Privacy Policy Statement will be posted on our website in order to keep you informed of any changes in nature of information collected, manner of collection, use and sharing of information. If at any point we decide to use Personal Information in a manner different from that stated at the time it was collected, we will notify you by email and provide you with the ability to opt out of these new uses unless you have opted out from receiving all email notifications from us. You will not receive email notification of minor changes to the Privacy Policy Statement. If you are concerned about how your Personal Information is used, you should check back at privacy_policy.html periodically.

## Children’s Online Privacy Protection
Street Light Software does not knowingly collect Personal Information from users who are under 13 years of age.

## Blogs and Forums
We provide the capacity for users to post information in blogs and forums for sharing information in a public space on the website. This information is publicly available to all users of these forums and visitors to Street Light Software. We require registration to publish information, but given the public nature of both platforms, any Personal Information disclosed within these forums may be used to contact users with unsolicited messages. We encourage users to be cautious in disclosure of Personal Information in public forums as Street Light Software is not responsible for the Personal Information users elect to disclose.

Street Light Software also supports third party widgets on the website that allow users to share articles and other information on different platforms. These widgets do not collect or store any Personal Information from users on the website and simply act as a bridge for your convenience in sharing information.

### END OF PRIVACY POLICY
If you have any questions or concerns regarding this Privacy Policy Statement, please contact us at support@easyhrworld.com . We shall respond to all inquiries within 30 days of receipt upon ascertaining your identity.